Hello there,
I would be glad to start working on this project immediately.
1. I can deliver the project within the required timeframe
2. I am flexible with my working hours and do extra work if needed
3. I have worked on similar projects before and I have had high customers’ feedback
I am a senior developer with more than 5 years in the industry. I have the ability to take extreme ownership over the work, deep knowledge of JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and front-end languages, a good understanding of progressive web applications, Node.js, and UI/UX improvements. Moreover, I have a meticulous eye for details and a concentrated focus on clients' experiences. My approach to projects is fast, flexible, and professional.
I have built several projects with React(Function Component and Hooks), TypeScript and also familiar with UnitTest(Jest, Mocha, Chai)
On my latest projects I have:
1. Developed and implemented user interface components using React.js, TypeScript, Node
2. Profiled and improved front-end performance
3. Designed and built modern user interface components with the framework of React Bootstrap, React Material UI, Styled Component
4. Used workflows such as Redux, Flux, and Webpack
5. Troubleshoot interface software, and debugged application codes
6. Developed and implemented front-end architecture to support user interface concepts
7. Worked with modern authorization mechanisms, such as JSON Web Token
8. Used Photoshop, Illustrator, Figma, OmniGraffle, or other visual design and wire-framing tools
9. Used Git, Bitbucket as codebase versioning tools.

Please check my past URLs
https://www.modusclosing.com/landing
https://www.modusclosing.com/login
http://www.arttracks.com/
https://cosynd-beta-staging.herokuapp.com/
http://demos.solvers.io/solvers/hunt-webapp/login
What you receive:
1. Clean professional code with proper explanations if necessary
2. Two rounds of revision
3. Delivery on the agreed date
(I guarantee Design & Development & QA & Launch)
Let’s have an interview to discuss the project more and see if we are a good fit to work together!
Best